Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to play the video.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we can now get rid of this center widget.
And we're going to be using the widget called Single Child Scroll View.
And the reason for this is we want to be able to screw the the screen page.
Right.
Okay.
Now, as you know, this has a child and the child is going to be a color widget in it.
That's a make.
All our widgets been displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Okay.
And I think this bodes well.
There's going to be child rights chide and column.
Hopefully my spelling's correct.
Okay.
Come on.
We can have the children.
Okay.
Now, the first child is going to be a size box, you know?
Like it isn't.
It gives this space vertically.
Okay, size works, and we can use height of 30.
Okay.
And now we can have another size box for the video so we can adjust the size bus.
Now what we can see, we can see weeds.
Then we're going to make the video occupy the full weight of the screen.
Now, we asked to do it from left to right.
Right.
Okay.
That is our.
Why is it going to be.
Now, to do that, we're going to need to get the width of the screen.
So we're going to need to say media query.
Dot of contest, dot size.
Dot.
Weitz Okay, so this is going to give us the weight of the screen.
So we want our video to take the full width.
Okay.
We can also have the height.
We can also get the height of our screen by a media query that's of.
That's half.
Contest, the size, the tweet.
Sorry, the hides bots.
This time, though, that's how it's okay.
What is the revenue divide?
It's by.
1.5 because we are also going to have the capture that is the successful field.
Okay, so great.
And now we can't have.
A child.
The child is going to be a video player, which we had earlier installed.
Right.
A video player.
Okay.
Now, you can see over here we have a variable rate card controller and where we use.
We use Delete because we don't want to initialize it at the moment and why it are initializing it and
we are passing the video.
Fi you can see over here.
I think I'm just going to do this.
Okay.
The idea.
There.
And over the past 18.
The controller.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Hopefully there is an error.
Now the nesting now is you can see we have this two variables, right?
And the next thing to do is to pass in the values.
So this to the variables we have.
Okay.
Now we are going to go back to the heart of the screen and one true and B now the first we need is the
video fi and is going to be fi.
Make sure you are imported from the high.
Knots is still small.
Please.
Okay.
So you can use contraband dots and you're going to see that io and dot esteem.
Idea of mind.
Okay, so there's going to be fi.
Okay.
Phi Phi and we can then see video the parts to give us the parts of the video.
Now as well.
This is going to be video.
And we can't simply say a video.
Video, the art part.
Okay, great.
This was let's.
Okay.
So we are passing this to values.
So that's two variables we have in the control screen.
Okay.
Now, so we can let's just add this.
Make sure you restate this.
Don't just use concreteness save as saving to get it.
You're going to get a shocking error.
Okay.
So what we can just do is you can check this out and see.
If it works and not, but definitely is going to work with that hair.
Okay.
So we can hopefully it needs to all to start this app.
Okay, great.
Now we can see had video.
Aside from a gallery.
Gallery.
Gallery, gallery, gallery.
Then I can just speak.
This.
Okay.
Okay, great.
So you can see the height we had dividing it by whites wanted five.
So you can see the space over here.
We can have the capture and okay, you can see this easily.
It is simply a video in flutter like you can see like AdSense guys do.
We can just look.
Okay, guys?
Yeah.
Seeing the anesthesia.